Feature/doc arrakis network (#60)
freeverseio/laos-ownership-node: README.md

# LAOS Ownership Parachain

The LAOS Ownership Parachain is a specialized chain built on Polkadot. 

> It offers several functionalities that enable the management and transfer of LAOS native utility tokens, as well as the ownership of all LA (Living Assets) created directly within LAOS. Additionally, the Parachain handles the runtime upgrades of Evolution Chains (Evochains) and stores state roots of Evochains, providing asset attribute certification methods and rewarding Evochains validators upon receiving new correct roots. Trustless transfers of Living Assets and LAOS tokens between LAOS and other Parachains can be performed using the Cross-Chain Message (XCM) protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It offers several functionalities that enable the management and transfer of LAOS native utility tokens, as well as the ownership of all LA (Living Assets) created directly within LAOS. Additionally, the Parachain handles the runtime upgrades and stores state roots of Evolution Chains (Evochains), providing asset attribute certification methods and rewarding Evochain validators upon receiving new correct roots. 
```
I think the last sentence is unnecessary because `parachain build on Polkadot` implies that.

> ## LAOS Ownership Node

Reviewer: Run your own Node

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start and sync ownership node locally with the following command:
```
```

$ docker run freeverseio/laos-ownership-node:<release> --chain=arrakis
```

### Networks
#### Arrakis (testnet)

The Arrakis network serves as the testnet for the LAOS Ownership Parachain. It can be accessed and interacted with using either the Substrate RPC (Polkadot JS extension) or the Ethereum RPC wallet (Metamask).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### Substrate RPC

> * **RPC URL**: https://arrakis.gorengine.com/own

Reviewer: we should add `ws` url as well, for connecting through Polkadot.js apps
